
Capstone Project 
----------------
End Date: Last day of training. - demo 


Topics
------
1. Employee WorkTime Management 
2. Payroll System 
3. Employee Rewards System 





1. Employee WorkTime Management  : Harini + Prim 

Employee
HR 
Manager 

Stories 
-------
1. Employee logs in to the system. On the dashboard, there will be following options 
   a. See all projects and the tasks assigned to it. 
   b. Can record daily log of work done for each task assigned
   c. Can see notifications on the dashboard 

2. HR logs in to the system. On the dashboard, there will be following options 
   a. HR can add Employee and Manager in the system
   b. Can Assign Employee to Manager 

3. Manager logs in to the system. On the dashboard, there will be following options 
   a. Manager can create project 
   b. Can create tasks inside project 
   c. Can assign tasks to Employee working under it 
   d. Can view status of the tasks given to employee
   e. Can send notifications to Employee 


2d Project. 2. Payroll System      Tuan + Winnie

Employee 
HR 

HR logs in to the system. On the dashboard, there will be following options 
	a. It can create an Employee and assign various job titles. 
	b. It can create initial projects and assign employee and manager to project 
	c. Can enter all salary details of Employees based on job_title 
	d. It can send Payslip to the employee as message 
	e. Can process leave request of employee with approval from manager 

Employee  logs in to the system. On the dashboard, there will be following options 
	a. Can check their projects 
	b. Can access Payslips and other salary details 
	c. Employee can request a Leave of absence 
	d. Can check leave status 


3. Employee Rewards System 	Yash+Revanth
Employee
Manager
HR 

1. HR logs in to the system. On the dashboard, there will be following options 
   a. HR can add Employee and Manager in the system
   b. Can Assign Employee to Manager 
   c. Can add Items to be sold to employees using rewards points 

2. Manager logs in to the system. On the dashboard, there will be following options 
   a. See all employee details 
   b. Can give reward points for excellence in work 

3. Employee logs in to the system. On the dashboard, there will be following options 
   a. Employee can browse thru the catalog of Items sold by company and redeem points to buy them 

